I analyzed this program as a database that holds information about students, their employment and the courses offered in the school. 
For this purpose, I made use of a main class, two interfaces (each implemented by a class each) and a subclass for one of the classes. 
In terms of recording the data, the student data was stored in an object array and the course data was stored in text files. 
I created different methods for each function to simplify the code and to make it efficient by means of reusability. 

I also implemented multiple error handling instances in order to make the code more robust and fault-tolerant.

--Design

I tried to keep my main() method as simple as possible. 
I made use of multiple classes, methods, and interfaces to divide the code into modules and make it easier to follow.

  -	Main class
        Display the introduction and read the number of the students from the user
        I kept all the variables that are common to the entire program in the main method so that the values don’t change every time a new method is called.
        Create 2 object arrays- one to hold student data and the other to hold data about student employees
        Then I had a while loop displaying the main menu till the user wants to exit the system
        Within the while loop, I had a switch statement to call the correct method based on the option chosen by the user
        I had all the methods for the different functions in the SMS and CMS in the main class

  -	Student_interface
        This was implemented by the Student Class
        
  -	Course_interface
        This was implemented by the Course Class
        
  -	Student class
        This class implements the student_interface
        It is used to make objects for the Student[] array
        It has a default constructor, variables for the different data categories for each student
        It also has a toString() method and a couple of getters
        
  -	Student_Employee class
        This class is a subclass of the Student Class
        It has some additional variables for student employees and inherits the other variables from the student class
        This class is used to make objects for the Student_Employee[] array
        
-	Course class
        I used this class to further implement the functions for the CMS and then I simply called the methods from this class using objects in the main class
        This class has a default constructor, the variables for course info, and methods for the functions in CMS. 
        I also had to use different ways of reading from and writing to files.


--Testing
This program required a lot of testing to make sure that all the different methods and components were working together properly. 
I tested all the methods separately. I also tested the program by switching between SMS and CMS to check if the results are consistent. 
I had to test for the file input and output to ensure that the results in the file are consistent with those on the console. 
I also tested the flexibility of the program by putting in different inputs and handling any errors as they appeared. 
